Question
Q1. I usually don't laugh or joke around much with other people.
Q2. If I am feeling depressed, I can usually cheer myself up with humor.
Q3. If someone makes a mistake, I will often tease them about it.
Q4. I let people laugh at me or make fun at my expense more than I should.
Q5. I don't have to work very hard at making other people laugh I seem to be a naturally humorous person.
Q6. Even when I'm by myself, I'm often amused by the absurdities of life.
Q7. People are never offended or hurt by my sense of humor.
Q8. I will often get carried away in putting myself down if it makes my family or friends laugh.
Q9. I rarely make other people laugh by telling funny stories about myself.
Q10. If I am feeling upset or unhappy I usually try to think of something funny about the situation to make myself feel better.
Q11. When telling jokes or saying funny things, I am usually not very concerned about how other people are taking it.
Q12. I often try to make people like or accept me more by saying something funny about my own weaknesses, blunders, or faults.
Q13. I laugh and joke a lot with my closest friends.
Q14. My humorous outlook on life keeps me from getting overly upset or depressed about things.
Q15. I do not like it when people use humor as a way of criticizing or putting someone down.
Q16. I don't often say funny things to put myself down.
Q17. I usually don't like to tell jokes or amuse people.
Q18. If I'm by myself and I'm feeling unhappy, I make an effort to think of something funny to cheer myself up.
Q19. Sometimes I think of something that is so funny that I can't stop myself from saying it, even if it is not appropriate for the situation.
Q20. I often go overboard in putting myself down when I am making jokes or trying to be funny.
Q21. I enjoy making people laugh.
Q22. If I am feeling sad or upset, I usually lose my sense of humor.
Q23. I never participate in laughing at others even if all my friends are doing it.
Q24. When I am with friends or family, I often seem to be the one that other people make fun of or joke about.
Q25. I don't often joke around with my friends.
Q26. It is my experience that thinking about some amusing aspect of a situation is often a very effective way of coping with problems.
Q27. If I don't like someone, I often use humor or teasing to put them down.
Q28. If I am having problems or feeling unhappy, I often cover it up by joking around, so that even my closest friends don't know how I really feel.
Q29. I usually can't think of witty things to say when I'm with other people.
Q30. I don't need to be with other people to feel amused. I can usually find things to laugh about even when I'm by myself.
Q31. Even if something is really funny to me, I will not laugh or joke about it if someone will be offended.
Q32. Letting others laugh at me is my way of keeping my friends and family in good spirits.